welcome back to our c 101 with the
taoist liar light techcom asked me to
review the news SEMA s 107 see the first
helicopter from SEMA with an onboard
camera it's your basic 3 channel
gyro-stabilized SEMA helicopter but it's
been pimped with an onboard video camera
the cameras resolution is 640 by 480 at
26 frames per second and the video looks
pretty good it automatically adjusts
itself to the ambient light so you get
good clear video and it has an onboard
microphone so you get audio as well now
the little camera weighs a total of 5
grams and it can even be removed from
the helicopter if you want longer flight
times the camera stores the video on an
included removable micro SD card to get
the video off the camera you can connect
the camera to your computer with the
included USB cable or you can simply
remove the micro SD card and stick it
into your computer the card has a
storage capacity of 512 megs so that
means you'll get about 18 minutes of
video before you fill up the card you
can also take 640 by 480 still pictures
as well but I prefer to use the video
and just pulled out still frames the
controls are simple the left stick
controls up and down the right stick
controls forward reverse and spin the
button on the top left takes still
pictures and the button on the top right
starts and stops the video recording
you'll notice a little red light on the
bottom of the camera when it's filming
now you need to be flying to be able to
start and stop the camera it won't turn
on or off if the rotors aren't moving
and the audio seems a little pointless
during flight since it just picks up the
sound of the rotors but you can't land
the helicopter and keep recording and
get some good audio if you want the
cameras angle can be adjusted as well
and it really does a good job get a good
smooth video it does drop frames on
occasion but in general it is a really
nice video platform for beginners the
helicopter flies for about 6 minutes
with the camera and about eight or nine
without it you can use the supplied USB
charger to recharge the helicopter and
about 30 or 40 minutes or you can
recharge from the transmitter but I like
to use the USB charger it just saves
batteries now I found the transferring
video over from the USB cable doesn't
always work so I simply remove the
microSD card and slide it into my
computer and drag the files over it's a
very easy to fly smooth helicopter and
at the price of only 40 $4.99 with free
shipping it's a great way for almost
anyone to fly and film at the same time
it is infrared controlled so no outdoor
flight and your range is about 30 feet
the camera doesn't work unless it's
connected to the helicopter it doesn't
have controls or a battery of its own so
it needs to be connected to the heli to
record video it's a very nice little
Hellion camera combo and I think it's a
lot of fun to fly sima really knows how
to make nice stable gyro helis so if you
have a chance to check it out at like
take comm for only forty $4.99 and stay
tuned for more RC 101 with the Daoist
flyer